Technologies:
- React
- React Router
- React Hot Toast
- Redux
- Axios
- Tailwind css

0. You must Explain every ascpect of the code you will provide from now henceforth and
   apply best practices and show pitfalls that must be avoided. For every
   best practice used, you must explain the steps required to achieve it in details.
   You must also explain the steps and processes behind the use of each
   technology and dependency tool utilised in the creation of the application.

1. You must Build a React Front End Application using the technologies listed above.
   As for the remaining technologies and dependencies you will use to build it, you must Select 
   the most efficient and hassle-free tools for the job, explain why they have been selected 
   and of course, the steps to take to setup and use each tool prescribed by you. 

2. The UI/UX figma design for the app has been attached. The application must
   be built AS IS shown in the attached design. You may suggest other
   color combinations that matches the theme of the UI, but write the code in comments
   only as comments.

3. You must explain every part of the codes you will generate using comments.

4. You must show the file-folder structure of the application as a diagram.

5. You must write beautiful API requests to the backend using axios and ensure
   you handle all errors gracefully.

6. The Entity Relationship map for the backend has also been attached. You must
   explain and generate tests for querying the backend using axios, and all
   other aspects of the application built. The backend
   framework is a Django application, and the database used is MySQL. Don't
   provide any unnecessary python or SQL code,
   only provide the code for the front-end and for necessary python or SQL code (if any).

7. After building the landing page which is in the UI/UX design attached, you
   must build an individual destination page for all the links present in the
   design of the landing page using React Router. You must use the same color
   theme and typography to ensure a consistent UI. You must decide the best
   layout for the rest of the pages, but the landing page stays the same as
   done in the design.
